s01_Headarray - Command 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Trajectory 
s01_Headarray - WST 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s01_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Trajectory 
s03_Joystick - WST 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s05_Headarray - Command 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Trajectory 
s05_Headarray - WST 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Trajectory 
s05_Joystick - WST 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s05_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u03_Headarray - Command 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Trajectory 
u03_Headarray - WST 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Trajectory 
u03_Joystick - WST 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u04_Headarray - Command 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Trajectory 
u04_Headarray - WST 
u04_Joystick - Command 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Trajectory 
u04_Joystick - WST 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u04_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u09_Headarray - Command 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Trajectory 
u09_Headarray - WST 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Trajectory 
u09_Joystick - WST 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u09_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u13_Headarray - Command 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Trajectory 
u13_Headarray - WST 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Trajectory 
u13_Joystick - WST 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u13_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u14_Headarray - Command 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Trajectory 
u14_Headarray - WST 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Trajectory 
u14_Joystick - WST 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u14_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s01_Headarray - Command 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Trajectory 
s01_Headarray - WST 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s01_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Trajectory 
s03_Joystick - WST 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s05_Headarray - Command 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Trajectory 
s05_Headarray - WST 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Trajectory 
s05_Joystick - WST 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s05_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u03_Headarray - Command 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Trajectory 
u03_Headarray - WST 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Trajectory 
u03_Joystick - WST 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u04_Headarray - Command 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Trajectory 
u04_Headarray - WST 
u04_Joystick - Command 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Trajectory 
u04_Joystick - WST 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u04_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u09_Headarray - Command 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Trajectory 
u09_Headarray - WST 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Trajectory 
u09_Joystick - WST 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u09_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u13_Headarray - Command 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Trajectory 
u13_Headarray - WST 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Trajectory 
u13_Joystick - WST 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u13_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u14_Headarray - Command 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Trajectory 
u14_Headarray - WST 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Trajectory 
u14_Joystick - WST 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u14_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s01_Headarray - Command 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Trajectory 
s01_Headarray - WST 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s01_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Trajectory 
s03_Joystick - WST 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s05_Headarray - Command 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Trajectory 
s05_Headarray - WST 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Trajectory 
s05_Joystick - WST 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s05_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u03_Headarray - Command 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Trajectory 
u03_Headarray - WST 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Trajectory 
u03_Joystick - WST 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u04_Headarray - Command 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Trajectory 
u04_Headarray - WST 
u04_Joystick - Command 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Trajectory 
u04_Joystick - WST 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u04_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u09_Headarray - Command 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Trajectory 
u09_Headarray - WST 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Trajectory 
u09_Joystick - WST 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u09_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u13_Headarray - Command 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Trajectory 
u13_Headarray - WST 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Trajectory 
u13_Joystick - WST 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u13_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u14_Headarray - Command 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Trajectory 
u14_Headarray - WST 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Trajectory 
u14_Joystick - WST 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u14_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s01_Headarray - Command 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Trajectory 
s01_Headarray - WST 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s01_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Trajectory 
s03_Joystick - WST 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s05_Headarray - Command 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Trajectory 
s05_Headarray - WST 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Trajectory 
s05_Joystick - WST 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s05_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u03_Headarray - Command 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Trajectory 
u03_Headarray - WST 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Trajectory 
u03_Joystick - WST 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u04_Headarray - Command 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Trajectory 
u04_Headarray - WST 
u04_Joystick - Command 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Trajectory 
u04_Joystick - WST 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u04_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u09_Headarray - Command 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Trajectory 
u09_Headarray - WST 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Trajectory 
u09_Joystick - WST 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u09_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u13_Headarray - Command 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Trajectory 
u13_Headarray - WST 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Trajectory 
u13_Joystick - WST 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u13_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u14_Headarray - Command 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Trajectory 
u14_Headarray - WST 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Trajectory 
u14_Joystick - WST 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u14_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s01_Headarray - Command 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Trajectory 
s01_Headarray - WST 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s01_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Trajectory 
s03_Joystick - WST 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s05_Headarray - Command 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Trajectory 
s05_Headarray - WST 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Trajectory 
s05_Joystick - WST 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s05_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u03_Headarray - Command 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Trajectory 
u03_Headarray - WST 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Trajectory 
u03_Joystick - WST 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u04_Headarray - Command 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Trajectory 
u04_Headarray - WST 
u04_Joystick - Command 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Trajectory 
u04_Joystick - WST 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u04_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u09_Headarray - Command 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Trajectory 
u09_Headarray - WST 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Trajectory 
u09_Joystick - WST 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u09_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u13_Headarray - Command 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Trajectory 
u13_Headarray - WST 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Trajectory 
u13_Joystick - WST 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u13_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u14_Headarray - Command 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Trajectory 
u14_Headarray - WST 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Trajectory 
u14_Joystick - WST 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u14_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s01_Headarray - Command 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Trajectory 
s01_Headarray - WST 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s01_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Trajectory 
s03_Joystick - WST 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s05_Headarray - Command 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Trajectory 
s05_Headarray - WST 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Trajectory 
s05_Joystick - WST 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
s05_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u03_Headarray - Command 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Trajectory 
u03_Headarray - WST 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Trajectory 
u03_Joystick - WST 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u03_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u04_Headarray - Command 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Trajectory 
u04_Headarray - WST 
u04_Joystick - Command 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Trajectory 
u04_Joystick - WST 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u04_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u09_Headarray - Command 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Trajectory 
u09_Headarray - WST 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Trajectory 
u09_Joystick - WST 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u09_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u13_Headarray - Command 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Trajectory 
u13_Headarray - WST 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Trajectory 
u13_Joystick - WST 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u13_Sip-n-puff - WST 
u14_Headarray - Command 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Trajectory 
u14_Headarray - WST 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Trajectory 
u14_Joystick - WST 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Trajectory 
u14_Sip-n-puff - WST 
s00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s00_Joystick - Command 
s00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s00_Joystick - Command 
s00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s02_Joystick - Command 
s02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s04,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s04,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s04,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s04,_Joystick - Command 
s04,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s04,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s04,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s04,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s06_Joystick - Command 
s06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s07_Joystick - Command 
s07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s08,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s08,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s08,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s08,_Joystick - Command 
s08,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s08,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s08,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s08,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u00_Joystick - Command 
u00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u01_Joystick - Command 
u01_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u01_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u02_Joystick - Command 
u02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04,_Joystick - Command 
u04,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u05_Joystick - Command 
u05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u06_Joystick - Command 
u06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u07_Joystick - Command 
u07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u08,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u08,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u08,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u08,_Joystick - Command 
u08,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u08,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u08,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u08,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u10_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u10_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u10_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u10_Joystick - Command 
u10_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u10_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u10_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u10_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u11_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u11_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u11_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u11_Joystick - Command 
u11_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u11_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u11_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u11_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u12_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u12_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u12_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u12_Joystick - Command 
u12_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u12_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u12_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u12_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Command 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Command 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s00_Joystick - Command 
s00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s02_Joystick - Command 
s02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Command 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s04,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s04,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s04,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s04,_Joystick - Command 
s04,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s04,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s04,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s04,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Command 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s06_Joystick - Command 
s06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s07_Joystick - Command 
s07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s08,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s08,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s08,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s08,_Joystick - Command 
s08,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s08,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s08,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
s08,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u00_Joystick - Command 
u00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u01_Joystick - Command 
u01_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u01_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u02_Joystick - Command 
u02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Command 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04,_Joystick - Command 
u04,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u04,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u05_Joystick - Command 
u05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u06_Joystick - Command 
u06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u07_Joystick - Command 
u07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u08,_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u08,_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u08,_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u08,_Joystick - Command 
u08,_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u08,_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u08,_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u08,_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Command 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Command 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s01_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s01_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s08_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s08_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s08_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s08_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s08_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s08_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s08_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u01_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u01_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u08_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u08_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u08_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u08_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u08_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u08_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u08_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u10_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u10_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u10_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u10_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u10_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u10_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u10_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u11_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u11_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u11_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u11_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u11_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u11_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u11_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u12_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u12_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u12_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u12_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u12_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u12_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u12_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s01_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s01_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
s08_Headarray - Teleoperation 
s08_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
s08_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
s08_Joystick - Teleoperation 
s08_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
s08_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
s08_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u00_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u00_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u00_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u00_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u00_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u00_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u01_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u01_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u01_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u01_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u01_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u01_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u02_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u02_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u02_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u02_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u02_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u02_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u03_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u03_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u03_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u03_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u03_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u04_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u04_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u04_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u04_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u04_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u05_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u05_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u05_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u05_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u05_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u05_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u06_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u06_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u06_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u06_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u06_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u06_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u07_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u07_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u07_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u07_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u07_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u07_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u08_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u08_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u08_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u08_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u08_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u08_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u08_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u09_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u09_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u09_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u09_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u09_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u10_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u10_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u10_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u10_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u10_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u10_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u10_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u11_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u11_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u11_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u11_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u11_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u11_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u11_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u12_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u12_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u12_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u12_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u12_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u12_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u12_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u13_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u13_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u13_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u13_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u13_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Teleoperation 
u14_Headarray - Low level autonomy 
u14_Headarray - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Teleoperation 
u14_Joystick - Low level autonomy 
u14_Joystick - Mid level autonomy 
u14_Sip-n-puff - Teleoperation 
